>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so
async* await functions were
allowing us to implement the sync,
async* pattern syntactically
which is a really good thing.
It improves the coding style over
something like promise chains.
Unfortunately there is a little
bit of a conceptual limitation.
To the idea of an async* await function,
and that conceptual limitation is
that the await keyword is
essentially a pull operation.
I am pulling a value from a promise that
may resolve after some amount of time.
Pulling is great, but pulling is only
half of what we often need to do.
And we already saw another
example of the other half
which is when we talked about generators.
We talked about generators being able
to push things out, yield things out so
that they can be consumed somewhere else.
So what's conceptually missing here, is
that we really would like the ability to
both pull and
push in the same kind of function.
We don't want just the generator
where we can only push, or
just in async* function
where we can only pull.
What we really would like
is an async* generator.
And it turns out in ES2018,
they added async* generators.
This is a new function type, and
they love to create new
function types in JavaScript.
It's a new function type,
which is both an async* function and
a generator in one thing.
And you can use both the yield keyword and
the await keyword in the same function.
The yield keyword for pushing.
The await keyword for pulling.
So let's take a look at
a motivating example for that.
Here I have an async function,
and what I'm really trying to do
is loop through a set of URLs and
fetch out those responses
get the text asynchronously and
push it into an array.
And I'm having to do it all at once
here because there's no way for
me to pull from some ajax call and
then push out the result now.
I have to collect them
all into an array and
then do one single return
with all of my results.
If there's only two or three,
that's not a big deal, but
what if there were like 1,000 URLs?
Why would I wait to get
all of those responses
before returning one single array?
Wouldn't it be nice if I could
sort of lazily push a response out
every single time I got
a response from the ajax request.
And if I can push it out then that means
that somebody else could be lazily
consuming that as a data source.
They could be saying hey just let me know
every time you get another response back
just iterate me again using
the dot dot dot or the four over,
something like that conceptually.
Wouldn't it be nice if you could consume
asynchronously a data source like that.
Well theoretically if we were to
switch this from an async* function
into a generator then theoretically we
could actually support that because
on line three when I call yield.
Because there is a runner here
I'm yielding out a promise.
So I'm using the yield
keyword as a pull mechanism.
And then later when I use yield here,
I'm using yield,
the same keyword but
I'm now using it as a push mechanism
to push out a result to somebody
who might be consuming it.
Now you could theoretically write a runner
that was smart enough that if you
yield out a promise then it waits, and if
you yield out a non-promise, then it sends
it out through an iterator interface.
You could write something like that,
but can you just see that conceptually,
this is bad programming?
Or this is confusing programming, to
overload the meaning of the yield keyword
to mean two entirely different,
opposite things?
Pulling and pushing.
It doesn't make sense.
And it would be confusing
to manage this code and
not be able to juggle, wait,
what is this yield keyword doing?
Is it pulling or is it pushing?
So that's the motivation for
why we want to have a function type
that can both await, to pull things,
and yield, to push them.
So that's where we get async generators.
We have the async word on the front,
and then the star in there.
So now we get both, it's like
the the child of the async* function and
the generator, they got together and
now we have async* generators.
And you'll notice now that I
can call a wait to listen for
a pull of a promise, like an ajax call.
And then I can use yield
to push out a value.